add macOS readme message (#1697)
oceanprotocol/ocean.js: README.md

npm run test:integration:cover
```

> Note: If you are running the integration tests operating system you should also do same changes to the provider, metadata cache and subgraph urls, since the default barge ip can not be accessed due to some network constraints on macOs. So we should be using the `http://127.0.0.1` for each direct call from the to the mentioned services, but we should keep the internal barge provider url (`http://172.15.0.4:8030`) hardcoded inside all ddo's `serviceEndpoint` and when calling `nft.setMetadata` method.

Reviewer: let's actually mention macOS?

Author: oh yeah 👍  , i was just updating the text so many times and this part got removed somehow 😞

> Note: If you are running the integration tests operating system macOS you should also do same changes to the `provider`, `metadataCache` and `subgraph` urls, since the default barge ip can not be accessed due to some network constraints on macOS. So we should be using the `http://127.0.0.1` for each direct call from the to the mentioned services, but we should keep the internal barge provider url (`http://172.15.0.4:8030`) hardcoded inside all ddo's `serviceEndpoint` and when calling `nft.setMetadata` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: On macOS, changes to the `provider`, `metadataCache` and `subgraph` URLs are required, as their default `barge` IPs can not be accessed due to network constraints on macOS. Instead use `http://127.0.0.1` for each direct call to the mentioned services, but keep the internal `provider` URL (`http://172.15.0.4:8030`) hardcoded inside all DDO's `serviceEndpoint`, and when calling `nft.setMetadata()`.
```
